NEXUS-35248 Added section on deferred deployment (#37)
sonatype/nxrm3-maven-plugin: README.md

with ```mvn clean```.

e.g. ,```mvn clean package nxrm3:deploy -DstageLocally -DaltStagingDirectory=myStagingDir``` or

```
<plugin>
    ...
    <configuration>
      ...
      <altStagingDirectory>myStagingDir</altStagingDirectory>
       ...
```

When locally staged, a suitable structure will be automatically created within the staging directory along with a
file (```.index```) that holds metadata to allow subsequent uploading. You can also move this staging directory and
have subsequent uploads performed from the new location as long as the new directory location is specified through the 
```altStagingDirectory``` property on the upload command-line.

e.g., ```mvn nxrm3:upload ... -DaltStagingDirectory=<directory>```

### Deferred Deployment Example

The following example stages the deployment but defers the upload:

```mvn clean package nxrm3:deploy -DstageLocally```

You may now move the staging directory or leave it in place. To guarantee deployment integrity, nothing within this directory structure
should be modified externally, and you should provide appropriate ```altStagingDirectory```
properties where necessary.

> At a later time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following at a later time to upload what was previously staged:
```

Note: Delete searches **all** repositories for tagged assets.

# Deferred Deployment

There is sometimes a desire to stage the deployment separately from performing the upload. This capability exists via
deferred deployment for release artifacts (Snapshots are not supported). 

> The pom file requires configuration as described in [Example configuration](#example-configuration) with the addition of
> a ```stageLocally``` property, that can be present within the pom or on the command-line as seen in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pom file requires configuration as described in [Example configuration](#example-configuration) to which you may add 
a ```stageLocally``` property either within the pom or on the command-line as seen in the example below.
```

> There is also the ability to use the ```altStagingDirectory``` property to specify the directory that the local staging
> will be performed within. If not specified, this will default to ```target/nexus-staging``` (and as such will be removed
> with ```mvn clean```).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the ```altStagingDirectory``` property to specify the directory in which to perform the local staging. If not specified, this will default to ```target/nexus-staging``` and will be removed
with ```mvn clean```.
```

> e.g. ```mvn clean package nxrm3:deploy -DstageLocally -DaltStagingDirectory=myStagingDir``` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. ,```mvn clean package nxrm3:deploy -DstageLocally -DaltStagingDirectory=myStagingDir``` or
```

```
<plugin>
    ...
    <configuration>
      ...
      <altStagingDirectory>myStagingDir</altStagingDirectory>
       ...
```

> Within the staging directory, a suitable structure will be automatically created when locally staged, along with a
> file (```.index```) that holds metadata to allow subsequent uploading. The staging directory may be moved elsewhere and
> subsequent uploads performed from the new location, so long as the new directory location is specified through the 
> ```altStagingDirectory``` property on the upload command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When locally staged, a suitable structure will be automatically created within the staging directory along with a
file (```.index```) that holds metadata to allow subsequent uploading. You can also move this staging directory and
have subsequent uploads performed from the new location as long as the new directory location is specified through the 
```altStagingDirectory``` property on the upload command-line.
```

> For example: ```mvn nxrm3:upload ... -DaltStagingDirectory=<directory>```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g., ```mvn nxrm3:upload ... -DaltStagingDirectory=<directory>```
```

### Deferred Deployment Example

> Stage the deployment, but defer the upload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example stages the deployment but defers the upload:
```

```mvn clean package nxrm3:deploy -DstageLocally```

> The staging directory may now be moved or left in place - it is important that nothing within this directory structure
> is modified externally, to guarantee the integrity of the deployment, and that appropriate ```altStagingDirectory```
> properties are provided where necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may now move the staging directory or leave it in place. To guarantee deployment integrity, nothing within this directory structure
should be modified externally, and you should provide appropriate ```altStagingDirectory```
properties where necessary.
```

> At a later time:

Reviewer: @mobiuscog unsure what this means...like you should use this command at a later time or something else?

Author: Yes - the deferred deployment is composed of two actions, one to stage locally, and then the other to upload what was previously staged.

```mvn nxrm3:upload -DserverId=<serverID> -Drepository=<repository> -DnexusUrl=<nexusUrl>```

> (The parameters above are required as they would typically be within the pom.xml as described in 
> [Example configuration](#example-configuration) but the pom is not required as part of the upload)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters above are required as they would typically be within the pom.xml as described in 
[Example configuration](#example-configuration), but the pom is not required as part of the upload.
```
